Polymorphic Sorting
The file Sorting.java contains the Sorting class from Listing 9.9 in the text. This class implements both the selection sort and
the insertion sort algorithms for sorting any array of Comparable objects in ascending order. In this exercise, you will use the
Sorting class to sort several different types of objects.

1. 
The file Numbers.java reads in an array of integers, invokes the selection sort algorithm to sort them, and then prints
the sorted array. Save Sorting.java and Numbers.java to your directory. Numbers.java won't compile in its current
form. Study it to see if you can figure out why.

2. 
Try to compile Numbers.java and see what the error message is. The problem involves the difference between
primitive data and objects. Change the program so it will work correctly (note: you don't need to make many
changes - the autoboxing feature of Java 1.5 will take care of most conversions from int to Integer).

3. 
Write a program Strings.java, similar to Numbers.java, that reads in an array of String objects and sorts them. You
may just copy and edit Numbers.java.

4. 
Modify the insertionSort algorithm so that it sorts in descending order rather than ascending order. Change
Numbers.java and Strings.java to call insertionSort rather than selectionSort. Run both to make sure the sorting is
correct.

5. 
The file Salesperson.java partially defines a class that represents a sales person. This is very similar to the Contact
class in Listing 9.10. However, a sales person has a first name, last name, and a total number of sales (an int) rather
than a first name, last name, and phone number. Complete the compareTo method in the Salesperson class. The
comparison should be based on total sales; that is, return a negative number if the executing object has total sales
less than the other object and return a positive number if the sales are greater. Use the name of the sales person to
break a tie (alphabetical order).

6. 
The file WeeklySales.java contains a driver for testing the compareTo method and the sorting (this is similar to
Listing 9.8 in the text). Compile and run it. Make sure your compareTo method is correct. The sales staff should be
listed in order of sales from most to least with the four people having the same number of sales in reverse
alphabetical order.

7. 
OPTIONAL: Modify WeeklySales.java so the salespeople are read in rather than hardcoded in the program.